# Search-for-comanies-in-Emilia-Romagna
Helps to filter and cluster companies in order to find interesting companies to initiate relationships with the University.

This web app was built for internal use of the Basement Club (associate organization of the University of Bologna) in order to facilitate the process of finding companies to collaborate with. The goal of the Basement Club is to encourage relationships between students and entterprises through seminars, projects, internships, etc. Thus, the objective of this app is to display in a user-friendly way a subset of the companies retrieved from the AIDA database. There are 2 ways to obtain this subset:

1) Filter section: you can define several parameters to restrict the companies displayed. E.g.: by selecting all companies with less than 50 employees in the province of Bologna involved in food processing, you will obtain their contact information together with a few financial variables. This can be useful in order to send a general email to all companies. This section allows you to visualize the location of the companies, a graph comparing size and turnover and a data table that can be donwloaded.

2) Cluster section: you can obtain similar companies to the one you have in mind in terms of number of employees and turnover, given the selected constraints on province and sector. Note that you have to input the fiscal number (CF) of the company. If you don't know it, you can find it by typing the name of the company in the search box of the filter section and looking for the variable CF. Likewise, you can observe the similar companies retrieved in a map and in a graph. If the initial company is not in the middle of the graph, that means that the most similar companies are all in a same direction (for example, if you select Ferrari, the similar companies will all be smaller and with a lower turnover, thus, Ferrari will be in a corner of the graph instead of centered). 

[FAQ Aziende App.pdf](https://github.com/rubenmartinez9/Search-for-comanies-in-Emilia-Romagna/files/7184743/FAQ.Aziende.App.pdf)
